Use correct Hermit links in The `rustc` Book (#124723)
rust-lang/rust: src/doc/rustc/src/platform-support/hermit.md

To compile for these targets, you will either need to build Rust with the targets enabled
(see “Building the targets” above), or build your own copy of `core` by using `build-std` or similar.

> Building Rust programs can be done by following the tutorial in our starter application [hermit-rs-template].

Reviewer: What is a "Rust program" here?

You mean application code that is compiled together with the Hermit OS into a single unikernel, yes? Or however you would phrase it. I think this could motivate clicking the link more strongly, as it's a tutorial about something quite exotic.

```suggestion
As all Hermit programs are unikernels, building a Rust program also requires including the operating system code. A guide for doing so is provided in our starter [hermit-rs-template].
```

Reviewer: I mostly think it could afford to be a stronger nudge because I know that I've seen people _start_ trying to understand building for a target from these docs, for whatever reason.

Author: That's almost exactly how I described it to a friend. I'll go ahead and put this in. Thanks for the help! 🔥
